{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2749
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red108\green121\blue134;\red31\green31\blue36;\red146\green161\blue177;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c42394\c47462\c52518;\csgenericrgb\c12054\c12284\c14131;\csgenericrgb\c57255\c63137\c69412;
\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c85000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab543
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 //
\f1\b \cf4 MARK: DEVELOPER MESSAGE
\f0\b0 \cf5 \
\
\cf2 /*\cf5 \
\cf2     This application is dedicated to my 2017 Hyundai Elantra SE that I named "Silvey"\cf5 \
\cf2  \cf5 \
\cf2     I'm exhausted of this 'Kia Boyz' group stealing peoples cars and trashing them later on. For my car which I wanted to keep forever,\cf5 \
\cf2     I am annoyed by what happened to it and cops not holding these thieves up to a proper ass whoopings and punishment.\cf5 \
\cf2     From the video I took of me approaching the thieves stealing my car and making the dumbass decision to share it with the world, I am also annoyed by social media for making fun of my pain you can hear in the video.\cf5 \
\cf2     Calling me words such as a p-word, that I deserved to have my car stolen for the way I acted and I should've fought and/or shoot the people who were taking my car, these people I despise of as they have nothing better to do but bring down a person who just had their car stolen and now more financial stress from their parent having a medical accident in their vehicle and totaling it a month before having my vehicle stolen. A big "Thank you" and "Fuck you" to those instagram users, and the DMV Media site for not removing the video as I requested it. Your words fueled me during the creation of this application. I guess you all serve some purpose of my life you fucking assholes.\cf5 \
\cf2     I hope if you all see this one day have a fucking stroke from trying to read basic SwiftUI syntax and eat shit from seeing the amount of files that are in this project for y'all's ungrateful and stealing content asses.\cf5 \
\cf2  \cf5 \
\cf2     I have a fucking Nissan Altima now.\cf5 \
\cf2  \cf5 \
\cf2     Only people who served little purpose in life find a car stealing TikTok challenging amusing.\cf5 \
\cf2  \cf5 \
\cf2     This application, while may not do it's job possibly, is my give back to people who take pride in being roll model citizens.\cf5 \
\cf2     This application is not a replacement for atutal authority and law; yet more of a missing-child-on-a-milk-carton type application.\cf5 \
\cf2     But the child isn't Asian, it's KDM.\cf5 \
\cf2     My car I once loved is gone. Yeah it may just be metal and glass, but I absolutely loved that car.\cf5 \
\cf2     Hoping one day I can find it in the future and fix it up. It may honestly become junkyard parts TBH.\cf5 \
\cf2     So here's my solution to the problem. RIP Silvey. Thanks...\cf5 \
\cf2  \cf5 \
\cf2     -- Jaylen Smith (Developer, March 22, 2023 at 12:41AM)\
\
\
\cf5 \
\cf2  */}